Port 3688 aws exporter cloudformation docs example (#320)
port-labs/port-docs: docs/build-your-software-catalog/sync-data-to-catalog/aws/examples.md

   </details>

Done! soon, you will be able to see any `Elastic Beanstalk applications and environments`.

> ## Mapping Cloudformation Stacks

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## Mapping CloudFormation Stacks
```

> In this step-by-step example, you will export your `Cloudformation Stacks` to Port.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In this step-by-step example, you will export your `CloudFormation Stacks` to Port.
```

1. Create the following Port blueprint:

>    - **Cloudformation Stack** - will represent Cloudformation Stacks from the AWS account.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   - **CloudFormation Stack** - will represent CloudFormation Stacks from the AWS account.
```

>   You may use the following definitions:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  You may use the following definition:
```

  ```json showLineNumbers
  {
    "kind": "AWS::CloudFormation::Stack",
    "port": {
      "entity": {
        "mappings": [
          {
            "identifier": ".StackName",
            "title": ".StackName",
            "blueprint": "cloudFormationStack",
            "properties": {
              "lastUpdated": ".LastUpdatedTime",
              "resources": ".StackResources",
              "createdAt": ".CreationTime",
              "status": ".StackStatus",
              "link": "\"https://console.aws.amazon.com/go/view?arn=\" + .StackId",
              "template": ".TemplateBody",
              "tags": ".Tags"
            }
          }
        ]
      }
    }
  }
  ```

  </details>

3. Update the exporter's `IAM policy`:

  <details>
  <summary> IAM Policy </summary>

  ```json showLineNumbers
  {
    "Version": "2012-10-17",
    "Statement": [
      {
        "Sid": "VisualEditor0",
        "Effect": "Allow",
        "Action": [
          "cloudformation:DescribeStacks",
          "cloudformation:DescribeStackResources",
          "cloudformation:ListStacks",
          "cloudformation:GetTemplate"
        ],
        "Resource": "*"
      }
    ]
  }
  ```

  </details>

> 4. Optional: Create an event rule to trigger automatic syncing of changes in Cloudformation Stacks.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
4. Optional: Create an event rule to trigger automatic syncing of changes in CloudFormation Stacks.
```

          - AWS API Call via CloudTrail
        source:
          - aws.cloudformation
        detail:
          eventSource:
            - cloudformation.amazonaws.com
          eventName:
            - prefix: CreateStack
            - prefix: UpdateStack
            - prefix: DeleteStack
      Name: port-aws-exporter-sync-cloudformation-trails
      State: ENABLED
      Targets:
        - Id: PortAWSExporterEventsQueue
          Arn:
            Fn::ImportValue:
              Fn::Sub: ${PortAWSExporterStackName}-EventsQueueARN
          InputTransformer:
            InputPathsMap:
              eventName: $.detail.eventName
              awsRegion: $.detail.awsRegion
              stackName: $.detail.requestParameters.stackName
            InputTemplate: |-
              {
                  "resource_type": "AWS::CloudFormation::Stack",
                  "region": "\"<awsRegion>\"",
                  "identifier": "if \"<stackName>\" | startswith(\"arn:\") then \"<stackName>\" | split(\"/\")[1] else \"<stackName>\" end",
                  "action": "if \"<eventName>\" | test(\"DeleteStack[^a-zA-Z]*$\") then \"delete\" else \"upsert\" end"
              }
    ```

  </details>

> :::important IMPORTANT

Reviewer: ```suggestion
:::info IMPORTANT
```

> The AWS Cloudformation API can retrieve up to 100 resources per Cloudformation Stack.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The AWS CloudFormation API can retrieve up to 100 resources per CloudFormation Stack.
```

> For more information about the Cloudformation API, see the [API Reference](https://docs.aws.amazon.com/cli/latest/reference/cloudformation/index.html).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For more information about the CloudFormation API, see the [API Reference](https://docs.aws.amazon.com/cli/latest/reference/cloudformation/index.html).
```

:::

> ### Relations between Cloudformation Stacks and AWS resources

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### Relations between CloudFormation Stacks and AWS resources
```

In order to connect between Cloudformation Stacks and their affected resources, you'll need to update the blueprint and the exporter configuration.

> here's an example of connecting between Cloudformation Stacks and Lambda functions:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Here's an example showing how to connect CloudFormation Stacks and Lambda functions:
```

> :::important TIP

Reviewer: ```suggestion
:::tip
```

> Make sure your Lambda function configuration appears before your cloudformation defintion in the `config.json`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Make sure your Lambda function configuration appears before your CloudFormation definition in the `config.json`
```

> Make sure your Lambda function configuration appears before your cloudformation defintion in the `config.json`

Reviewer: Add a hyperlink here to the Lambda blueprint definition from the example higher up in this doc page, preferably not in a tip block because this section already has plenty of specialty blocks

:::

<details>
<summary> Add relations to the blueprint </summary>

  ```json showLineNumbers
  {
    "relations": {
      "lambdas": {
        "title": "Created Lambdas",
        "description": "The Lambda functions created from the CloudFormation Stack",
        "target": "lambda",
        "required": false,
        "many": true
      }
    }
  }
  ```

</details>

<details>
<summary> Add relations to the exporter config.json </summary>

```json showLineNumbers
{
   ...
   "mappings": [
      {...},
   "relations": {
      "lambdas": ".StackResources // [] | map(select(.ResourceType == \"AWS::Lambda::Function\")) | if . == [] then [] else .[].PhysicalResourceId end"
   }]
}
```

   </details>

> Done! soon, you will be able to see any `Cloudformation Stacks`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Done! soon, you will be able to see any `CloudFormation Stacks`.
```
